Hey, good morning family. How are y'all doing today? I am going to do another prayer video with y'all.
I just felt in my heart the Lord wants me to do some prayer videos concerning the elections, what's going on with the hurricane victims, and all kinds of stuff, what's going on with Israel.
There are a lot of prayer needs right now. My wife tells me all the time, "There's people that need prayer, Brandon,"in the comments and the emails that we get. So, I'm going to try to dedicate some time.
There's a lot of things going on this month with the prayer conference; Nancy Nancy Dufresne's here at church this week and Billy Billy Burke is in Eufaula in the next couple of days.
There are a lot of really cool events going on for healing and things like that.
So, I'm going to try to go to some of those, but I want to do prayer videos up until the election at least every day, even if it's just 15 minutes.
If you all would like to join me praying for the nation and praying for this hurricane—there's a massive new hurricane coming and it's going to hit Tampa.
They say it's going to be like a category 4 hurricane. And so, there's more people that will be in need; it's going to be another devastating hurricane.
I just thought in my spirit when I've been praying, the Lord said, "Brandon, I want you to go on and I want you to do some prayer videos."So, that's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to be obedient. I would encourage you all to pray with me. Hopefully, this will help you in your prayer time.
I know there's power in numbers, and when we join together and pray together as a body, we can change things.
We can diminish hurricanes. We can destroy hurricanes with the power of prayer.
We can change the course of a lot of things. What the devil meant for bad, we're going to turn it for good in our favor.
I believe with all my heart there's power in prayer. There's power in the Holy Spirit and spirit-led prayer.
I just want to encourage you all to join me. I'm going to try to do this every single day for 30 days.
The election is going to be on the 5th and today is the 7th. I hope this blesses you. I'm just going to jump right into it.
I usually try to sing a song or whatever, but because I'm going to be doing this so much, I'm going to get right into what I would do at the house.
I'll just pray a little bit. Father, I just thank You for our time with You today, Lord.
Have Your way. I thank You for Your hand on this nation. I thank You for You praying through us as we yield our spirit.
We yield ourselves over to You, Father. We want to pray what's on Your heart.
We want to pray what the Holy Spirit has us to pray—not flesh prayers that are way out in left field, not prayers that are going over here and over there.
If we have a bullseye to hit, we want to hit the bullseye every single time.
So, Father, I thank You that we are filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit right now.
Father, I thank You that You are praying through us. You're going to help me, showing me the direction You want me to go.
I wait on You and I just thank You, Holy Spirit. We worship You.
We worship the Lord. Help us to pray bullseye prayers right now.
What's on Your heart concerning this nation? What's on Your heart concerning this hurricane?
I know it's to curse this storm, to tell it to go, to cease and be still, and to take our authority.
So, Father, right now in the name of Jesus, we take authority over this hurricane that's trying to come and build in the Gulf of Mexico.
You said in Your word, Lord, that we have authority over the storm. We're not going to push it north, south, or over here.
It's like everybody's playing ping-pong trying to push the hurricane around because they don't want it to hit their house.
But Father, I thank You that a high pressure would poke its eye out.
I thank You, Father, that the Spirit of the Lord goes into that hurricane right now.
We call you to shrivel up. We call you to dissipate right now in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over this hurricane and we poke its eye out.
You get weaker and weaker in the name of Jesus, and you will not be a category 4. We will not have a category 3, 2, or 1.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there would be no devastation over Tampa or on the coastline.
Father, I thank You that we have authority over these storms and we call 'cease and desist'to your maneuvering right now in the name of Jesus.
Stop it. We call this hurricane to fall apart and we thank You that it would be a sign and a wonder to those that believe that all things are possible.
We call those things in right now: this hurricane is losing power.
This hurricane is losing strength. It is losing strength right now.
We're calling you to dissipate. I don't care how hot the Gulf of Mexico is or how warm the waters are.
Father, You're able to poke that hurricane's eye out, causing disruption in the eye, causing it to weaken, not keep getting stronger and stronger.
I thank You, Father, for it. I thank You, Lord, right now for the hurricane victims of the last hurricane that went through North Carolina.
Father, I thank You that they would find every person, whether they're alive or not. I thank You that every person would be found.
I ask You, Father, that for the people who have disruption in their power and their livelihood, You're bringing in help and relief.
Lord, we pray over them that if they've lost everything, that the thief has been found and they get back 100-fold what the devil stole.
I thank You, Lord, for double. I know the Bible says we can pray for double, but I call for 30, 60, and 100-fold off of our seed.
Lord, I thank You right now in the name of Jesus that they would get back double what was stolen, just like Job did.
I thank You, Father, for supernatural increase over their homes.
Lord, I thank You for this area; we need rain now. We haven't had rain in a long while. I know what You said about Texas in the Lubbock area, Lord.
When You told me, I heard 'no water, no water, no water.'But Lord, I also know that You said that we have authority over the rains, and we call forth rain to this area in the name of Jesus.
Oklahoma, Texas, Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri—all this area around here—we call forth rain in Jesus'name.
We take authority over drought and we break the drought by faith right now. We call those things that be not as though they were.
We call in that rain in the name of Jesus—at least two to three inches of rain.
We call that rain in now in Jesus'name. We call it in from the north, the south, the east, and the west. We call up Gulf moisture.
We speak to the high pressure system: we call you to shrink down right now in the name of Jesus, dissipate, and move.
You will not be the dominant force here anymore. We command the jet stream to come up out of the north and swoop down and give us rain.
Now, you believe for your area. If you have a drought in your area, whether you're in Africa or Australia, pray that over your area.
We call for moisture to come in. We call in the low-pressure systems to bring in moisture and rain for our area.
No more drought. And that's what you do: you speak to the weather.
You speak to the systems and you call them in. You have authority over the weather.
Just like how Jesus spoke from the boat and said, "Peace, be still"to the storm, you're able to speak to the storm.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were. And I call it in right now.
I call those things that be not as though they were right now over our weather.
And I say, "Weather, change."Cooler temperatures, change in Jesus'name.
This hot weather we've been having, we call for a change in temperature.
We call in the cooler air from the north, Canadian air. We call that in now in Jesus'name.
Let the cooler temperatures with the rain come forth in Jesus'name.
We thank you, Father. Now, Lord, we pray over our nation and over our elections coming up.
Father, we thank you that the people would get out and vote. Father, we thank you that every available voice would get out and vote.
And Father, I thank you there would be no scandals, cheating, or any hidden things, but that all would be revealed.
Father, I thank you that your hand is upon this nation and that you would uncover the darkness.
You would uncover the wickedness, the plots, and the plans of evil.
Father, we call any kind of plots and any kind of plans exposed, an exposing of darkness right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that the righteous would rise up and do what they're called to do.
We thank you, Lord, that the righteous people would vote righteously.
Father, I thank you that there is an exposing of darkness. Father, I thank you that you'll breathe on this nation one last time.
We thank you for one last time, Lord, one major move, a revival one last time for a harvest of souls.
And we call forth the harvest right now. The harvest is plentiful, but the laborers are few.
We call forth the harvest, for you are the Lord of the harvest.
We call forth more laborers to come forth and bring forth the harvest.
We call the blinded eyes to be open right now that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
All the darkness that is on the eyes of the unbelievers, we speak to the eyes right now for the blinders to come off in the name of Jesus.
I call the blinders to come off the people's eyes concerning the darkness on how to vote.
We speak and we say, "Light, flood their eyes."They have been blinded by the devil.
We speak to the eyes to open right now in Jesus'name, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
Father, we thank you that the enemy's trap and the enemy's plan have been defeated.
We call the brokenness off of their lives right now in Jesus'name.
These individuals that would have confusion concerning how to vote or the rebellion inside of them of voting in darkness, Father, I thank you they would have a change of heart.
Father, they would see the error in their ways. They would rise up and do the right thing.
I thank you, Father, that there's a changing in Kamala Harris's heart concerning ungodly things.
I thank you, Lord, that they would have a radical encounter with you.
Joe Biden, we pray for protection and Father, even in his mind, that he would lead this country until it's time to leave in January and do it in a godly way, following your plan.
I thank you, Lord, that he would hear your plan. He may not even know it, Lord, but he would follow your plan willingly or unwillingly.
I just thank you that your plan is done. Your will is done in this earth. Your will is done in America.
I thank you, Father, that there is a rising up of righteous people in the Senate, the House, and the judges.
Father, I thank you for supernatural things to take place in this land.
We call forth revival right now in Jesus'name. We speak the revival to come in.
We thank you, Lord, that there would be a move of your presence, a move of the Shekinah glory like we've never seen before.
Father, I thank you for the demonstrations and the manifestations of your glory and your power like we've never seen before in this hour.
Father, we call forth an outpouring of the deep wells, calling them forth, bubbling up.
Out of the belly shall flow rivers of living water. We thank you, Lord, that we're at those places of the rivers.
We call the rivers of living water to flow right now in the name of Jesus, calling forth those rivers for all the dry bones. Can these dry bones live?
Lord, we speak to the dry bones concerning revival and we say, "Revival will come in the name of Jesus."There will be a turnaround in this nation.
Lord, we believe we receive a nation that's on fire for you again.
We believe we receive a nation, a people, a church that would preach repentance again.
We call forth the repentant hearts upon this nation. Holy Spirit, move and change them.
We call the blinders off their eyes that they would see what they're doing is wrong.
Holy Spirit, convict them of their sins that they would turn before they burn. Father, I thank you for the Holy Spirit.
We thank you that you're doing mighty works in these last days for a mighty move of your grace and your power one last time upon this nation, upon the nations of the world—upon Australia, Africa, Asia, China, Russia, Pakistan, and India.
Oh God, we thank you for a move in Saudi Arabia, a move of your Spirit once more.
We pray even over North Korea that there would be a move of God.
Father, move Kim Jong-un and the evil regime that's over that nation, moving those people out of the way that are hindering your gospel from being preached throughout the whole world.
We call forth for the dictators and the mean people that are over China to be removed so that the gospel may flow freely.
We thank you, Father, that you have your way. One last harvest of souls, one major push of a billion-soul harvest.
We call even more that so many people would come to the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ.
It would be uncountable how many people would come to Jesus. Lord, we give you praise and glory.
Father, we pray over the peace of Jerusalem and over the chemical and biological weapons that you've shown me in the past.
We call forth an uncovering of hidden attacks. I thank you, Lord, that there is a supernatural wisdom on them concerning how to get rid of the terrorists.
I thank you that the wicked would be stopped. Father, I thank you that there's an uncovering of the plots and the plans of the wicked.
We thank you, Lord. We give you praise and glory. I'm going to pray in the spirit for a little bit.
And if you only want to know how to pray in English, that's where this video will end for you.
But I'm going to pray in my heavenly language now to the Father. And this is how I get into the rivers.
I did the English for the majority of the people who don't pray in the spirit, but I'm going to pray now in the spirit.
And I'm going to go into the deeper river with him and I'm going to figure out more of what he wants to show me.
So you can stay here and pray with me and learn if you want. Okay.
The second week of November is highlighted. We get an overwhelming...
The third day after the election—Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday—overwhelming decisions.
The decision is not even close. The abundance of the vote is overwhelming.
So much so they can't cover it up. The vote has spoken. It's not even close.
These trucks with these ballots, I see. We pray over Georgia and Atlanta right now.
Praying over Georgia, looking into the heart of Georgia. I see Georgia.
You will sway over this way. You will come. You will sway over this way. I'm in Colorado. I'm in Denver.
I see it up in the air, predominantly blue again, and exposing over their eyes.
Exposing... Father, we thank you, Lord. Nevada, take care for the overwhelming red wave.
Now we pray over the protection over Trump. We pray over protection.
No more attempts that all hidden things be revealed. We call a hedge.
We call him to be stirred up. We call his wife to be stirred up. We call his children to be stirred up.
Father, if there just be a little sliver of light, if there be light in there, you breathe on the light. You breathe on that fire. You fan that fire within him.
Oh Lord, I thank you for a Holy Spirit experience—an experience with you, a demonstration of your glory on his life.
And in an even greater measure, Holy Spirit, fill him. Fill him to the overflow.
Fill Melania. Fill the sons and the daughters. Demonstrations of the fire.
A yielding to the Holy Spirit on his life, a yielding to the Holy Spirit for direction and wisdom like Solomon, you said, Lord.
A supernatural leading, a supernatural demonstration on his mind to know and to see and to hear things, not just in part, but in full.
Show the true heart of America. Even in the darkest places, Father, we call for a lid being taken off so you can see what's inside.
Father, I thank you Lord that the people would rise up. It's not Donald Trump that will save America; it's an awakening unto God.
It's an awakening into the fire of God. It's an awakening and revival, one last push of revival.
Father, I thank you that even if he wins and gets over there, it's going to take the Holy Spirit to keep him there—divine protection to keep him there.
Lord, an uncovering of an attack. Father, we pray your people are in the right place at the right time.
We call the people to be in the right place at the right time. For you said we wrestle not against flesh and blood.
So Father, I thank you Lord, we bind the devils inside of those people right now in Jesus'name that would cause this.
We bind the devils right now and we say cease and desist in your maneuvering.
You will not have terrorist activity in this nation. You will not have destruction or pain or hurt on anybody.
Father, I thank you for the demonstrations of your glory. Father, I thank you, Lord, for the finances for the body of Christ, for supernatural finances.
We call forth supernatural abundance over your bride, over your children.
Father, we call forth abundance to the full until it overflows over their households right now, that they have more than enough.
The spirit of lack, the spirit of 'not enough', is broken off of their lives.
Father, we thank you, Lord. I see a river. I see a river that the enemy has tried to block with these dark black sticks.
They're almost as dark as onyx, these sticks. And he's trying to put a dam across the rivers of your life, the Holy Spirit river, trying to block it up with debris.
It went through a small pipe. I see this small pipe and it looks like a drainage pipe.
And he's tried to clog that up so the Holy Spirit can't flow through your vessel. The sticks have eyes.
As I'm praying, I'm standing upon a bank in the spirit and I'm looking at the stream.
The Holy Spirit wants to flow, but there's stuff that you've brought into your life that has blocked the flow.
There's darkness. I don't know who I'm talking to right now, but there's darkness there.
It's darker than the midnight hour. I would almost say it's witchcraft.
It's some kind of rebellion. But the Lord wants to set this free.
There are sticks all trying to block this flow. Open. Lay open.
The breaking of the dams, the hindrances that would hinder.
We call forth the hindrances to be no more. Freely, be free in the name of Jesus.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed. We call you free from those demonic spirits right now in Jesus'name.
Let them go now. Deliverance over them. I call you to come out of them in Jesus'name.
That the water will flow freely. That the Holy Spirit will flow.
The river will flow now in Jesus'name. We call forth light to expose the darkness.
All hidden things be revealed. You say, 'I've been bound, you don't know how long.'But isn't it good to be free?
For whom the Son sets free is free indeed. No more bondage. Out of the belly shall flow rivers of living water.
No more blockages, no more demonic blockages. Flow in Jesus'name.
No more demonic strongholds be gone. We call healing over their bodies right now in Jesus'name.
Everything they need from the top of their head to the soles of their feet, we call you healed and whole and well.
I believe with you right now. You just believe with me that you are healed and whole and well by the stripes of Jesus. You are touched by the fire of God right now.
I call that fire to go over your body from the top of your head to the soles of your feet, delivering you from demonic strongholds.
I say every demonic spirit that's been in you and harassing you, oppressing you, I call you delivered right now in the name of Jesus.
Satan, let him go. Devil, let him go right now in Jesus'name. Now, you may yawn. You may cough. You may vomit.
There may be something, but that critter, that demonic spirit, is letting you go.
Let it go. You don't want it in there. You're free right now. It may come out with a yawn.
It may come out with some kind of gurgle. I've seen it come out a lot of different ways, but you're free.
Don't be afraid. Be free. Flow, Holy Spirit, flow over their bodies right now in the name of Jesus.
We call them delivered right now in the name of Jesus. Everyone watching this video right now, you're free in the name of Jesus.
We say no more night terrors. There are some who have been tormented so bad at night you can't sleep.
You haven't had a good night's sleep in a long time. No more of this. I speak peace to your sleep. I speak peace to your house.
And I say your sleep is sound, for he gives his beloved perfect, sweet sleep.
I speak peace over your mind from that bad incident that happened to you as a child.
I call peace over you right now in the name of Jesus to forget the past and press on with what Jesus has for you.
Don't rehearse the past anymore. Be free from those things.
You don't want to keep holding on to those things. Press on with Jesus.
Jesus has a plan for your life. He loves you. Jesus, minister to this person right now in the name of Jesus.
I thank you. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts, who was and is and is to come.
Delivered. Delivered from satanic bondage. Delivered. Today's your day for freedom.
From PTSD to all kinds of bondage of the mind, free in Jesus'name.
I stand with you. I believe with you that today is your day for your deliverance.
Break off of them now in Jesus'name. Angel of the Lord, make war against those demonic spirits and take them out.
I thank you, Father, that freedom is theirs. They are walking in an abundance of freedom.
They don't have to be bound by the devil's tactics and strategies anymore.
Oh, I just see somebody who's been bound by lust. You've been bound by pornography and lust and sexual addictions.
We break it off of you right now in the name of Jesus. You say, 'I've been bound by this for so long.'It's been a stirring in you.
You crave that trash. And the Lord wants you to be free. No more of this. This is a demonic spirit. We call it out right now.
And we call healing over the pathways of the brain with the opioids, the endorphins, dopamines, and all the things from sexual perversions.
I call healing over their minds. I call deliverance over them right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're the great deliverer.
Father, I thank you, Lord, over their mind right now. They're delivered from this.
Now, I say get an accountability partner. Expose that. You've got to get that out of your house, off your phone, whatever.
Tell your wife, tell your husband, tell somebody that you need help to have someone to be accountable to.
You don't want to keep the door open for the devil once you get free.
You don't want to let that devil come back in there, come back with more critters, worse than him.
But you're going to be free from this. The only way you're going to get free and stay free is by the Word.
You know the truth, and the truth will set you free. The truth of God's Word will set you free. You've got to get the Word.
Start reading passages every single day and memorizing, getting the Word of God down in your heart.
You hide the Word of God in your heart that you might not sin against him.
You've got to get that Word down inside of you. It's the only way you will stay free.
You can have initial days of freedom, but to stay free for a long period of time, you've got to get the Word down in you.
Listen to and meditate on the Word of God and tell somebody you can trust, 'Hey, this is what I've been struggling with.'Have an accountability partner and your device—if you can't handle having a device, a private phone or something, get rid of it for a while until you're able to get some freedom.
Because you've got to put steps to it. You can't go, 'Well, I'm free,'and then start looking at trash.
You've got to stay away from it. Close the door to the enemy being able to operate and maneuver in your life.
How bad do you want it? I hear the Lord say this to you: 'How bad do you want to be free? How bad do you want to be free from alcohol?
How bad do you want to be free from drugs?'We call you free right now in the name of Jesus.
Like a bulldog on a bone: 'I want it. I want to walk with the King. I want to walk in victory.'Thank you, Father.
You say, 'Oh, Brother Brennan, you don't know how bad I've suffered.
You don't know what I'm going through.'I say, yes, I do. I understand it.
I've been there, done that. God set me free. It's time for you to be free.
No, he cares about every single one of you. He wants every single one of you to be free.
He doesn't want anybody to be walking in bondage. Today is your day for salvation.
Today is your day for healing. Today is your day. Why wait for tomorrow to get rid of a devil that you can get rid of today?
Don't give him any more access in your life. Don't let him have any more foothold in your life.
Jesus is coming. You may not have tomorrow. Jesus is coming. Thank you, Father, for setting these people free.
Thank you, Father, for delivering them from the demonic spirits that hold them down, that the river can flow and those twigs, those demonic twigs are pulled out of there.
The angels of the Lord remove those twigs and those logs and the demonic stuff that's trying to block that river flow.
We worship you, Father. Now, let's just rejoice for your freedom.
Father, we worship you. Thank you, Father, for setting them free.
Thank you, Lord, that there is no more depression or anxiety or fear or addictions over their life.
They are delivered from depression. You spirit of depression, you go now in Jesus'name.
I adjure you by God; I command you to let those people go. Let that woman go.
Let that man go. You come off of them now in Jesus'name. You spirit of anxiety, you let them go now in Jesus'name.
Now find things... don't meditate on things of fear. I tell you these things not to fear.
Be not afraid. Be not dismayed, for I, the Lord your God, am with you wherever you go.
No matter how bad things look in the world, no matter how many hurricanes, no matter how many earthquakes, no matter how many war problems, I refuse to fear.
Perfect love casteth out all fear. I refuse to have anxiety in my house.
That's what you've got to say and renew your mind. I call peace.
He said, 'Peace I leave with you. My peace I give to you.'He said he'd give it to you.
You already have it. So we've got to walk in that peace. Walk in the peace of God that passes all understanding.
We call peace that passes all understanding over every single one of you.
Peace. Peace. Peace over you. Peace over your mind. Peace and joy.
The joy of the Lord is your strength. Today, joy is over your house.
Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water. Joy bubbling out of your belly.
The Lord just said He is healing a lady who has problems conceiving. You and your husband are going to conceive a child.
We pray over that womb right now in the name of Jesus that you will have a beautiful baby, nothing missing, nothing broken, and your vine will not cast fruit before its time.
I stand in agreement that your womb is completely restored. Your ovaries, no more miscarriages.
You will have a full-term baby that's filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit at a young age.
When you have it, you might say, "Name it after me."I'm just teasing.
I believe with you. The inheritance is beautiful. The Lord wants you to have this. I'm telling you, I just saw it.
There's somebody out there believing for a baby who hasn't been able to conceive or has miscarried.
No more of that. I'm standing with you right now that healing flows over your womb.
You and your husband are going to have a full-term baby, a beautiful child—maybe He'll even give you double.
You want twins? I believe for twins for you in Jesus'name. What a blessing that would be.
Well, Father, we thank You, Lord, for whatever their heart's desire is, Lord, for making up the time they lost in the past, bring the harvest at last.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for beautiful, healthy twins, Lord, if that's what they're believing for.
I don't know why that came up in my spirit like that, but if you're believing for twins, I believe with you.
Father, I thank You that You give them healthy, beautiful twins if that's what they're asking for. If just one, then one.
But Lord, I thank You for restoring what the cankerworm has eaten over the years to bring back the time because it takes time—nine months—and then it takes time to recover.
So, Father, we thank You, Lord, that everything the devil meant for bad, You're going to turn it for good right now as they start their family.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they train up a child in the way they should go so when they get older they will not depart from it.
Teach this baby the Word. Teach that baby to walk by faith. The Lord's going to bless you as you make a vow to Him.
Say, "Lord, You give me a child and I'll train it up in Godly ways.
I'll take this child to church and I'll raise them up in Godly principles.
We're not going to teach them how to be of the world, but we dedicate and consecrate this child to You even before we receive it in our body."This baby inside of me, I dedicate this baby to You.
And I promise You, this child will be taught the Word and he'll serve You all the days of his life, dedicated just like Hannah did.
Dedicate that child. You don't have to give it to the priest, but to Jesus, your High Priest.
Father, I give this baby to You. I thank You that we will receive.
Every seed will produce after its own kind, and that child will be producing in Jesus'name.
Thank You, Father. No hindrances anymore; endometriosis no more. Father, I thank You, Lord, in Jesus'name.
Nine months from now, we expect a full-term, healthy baby in Jesus'name.
Thank You, Father, for those who are believing for that now.
Lord, we thank You for Your provision. We thank You, Lord, that You've always got us.
You're faithful. Father, we give You praise and glory and we're calling it in right now.
Oh, I see cataracts being healed. Somebody's believing for cataracts and glaucoma—that stuff with your eyes.
We call your eyes clear and healed and whole right now in the name of Jesus.
We speak to that and say, "Go in Jesus'name."Demonic spirits, go in Jesus'name.
Let their eyes go right now. We call healing in those eyes to clear up right now.
Detached retinas, the cones in the eyes—we call you healed and whole and well in Jesus'name.
In Jesus'name, we believe we receive healing over the eyes. Thank You, Father.
If you're watching this video right now and you've received some kind of healing for whatever you're believing for, the presence of the Lord is here to heal you right now.
I feel it, you all. I'm telling you, the Spirit of the Lord is coming through that camera and He's setting the captives free right now.
If you've received a healing of some kind and you feel the presence of the Lord going through your body, say something.
Tell somebody. Don't be like the lepers that ran away; a couple came back and told Jesus what happened.
Be bold about it and say, "Jesus set me free by His blood; by His stripes, He set me free today."Father, I thank You, Lord.
No more bondage. The fire of God is on their life right now to be delivered from satanic bondage.
You need to have the fire of God on your life; it burns out all that stuff.
You've got to get underneath the fresh touch of the Master's hand, a fresh touch of the Holy Spirit, a fresh drink of the living water.
Drink the living water; a fresh touch from Jesus. For today is your day of deliverance.
Bondage is breaking off of you right now in the name of Jesus. Poverty strongholds are breaking off of you right now.
I believe that today is your day for manifestation—that financial breakthroughs are coming into your house.
I believe with you right now in Jesus'name. Supernatural debt cancellation right now in Jesus'name.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for every single one of them. We give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
We just want to say, "Thank You, Lord. We worship You."Open the eyes of our hearts, Lord.
I want to see You high and lifted up, shining in the light of Your glory.
Pour out Your power and love as we sing, "Holy, holy, holy."Lord, we worship You, for You are good.
You do miracles so great. There is no one else like You. You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless Your holy name.
For You are great; You do miracles so great. There is no one else like You.
You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. I believe it, Lord.
I believe it, Father. I thank you, Father. I give you praise, Father.
I praise you. Have your way, Lord. You are the potter; we are the clay.
Mold me and make me. Have your own way, Lord, over this nation and over these people.
We love you, Lord, for you are good. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you.
And in all the times that he's visited me, the presence is more beautiful; I can't get enough of it.
You just want more and more. I sit at his feet, and it's amazing to me.
You might struggle to make the time to do this, but whenever I get into it, I don't want to leave because his presence shows up.
I look for his presence all day, being obedient to what he asks you to do.
He said, 'Do the prayer video and pray for my people.'I get distracted with work and doing things, but we must be quick to obey.
I'm guilty of not being quick to obey and following his voice closely. I'm preaching to myself, too; we all have our stuff.
We get distracted with money, trying to work as the head of the house, thinking about everything we have to do. But he's just like, 'Just chill.
Do what I ask you to do.'All day long, look for the peace that passes all understanding in every area of your life.
It's what brings peace in your marriage and to your children; it makes it where you can flow and have harmony in your home.
It's the drinking of the new wine, the cup of the river that keeps you fresh because we get stale and stagnant.
You have to have fresh water being poured into you through worship, prayer, and reading his word.
The distractions of life pull you right and left, and anxiety comes because of the pressures of life and bills.
Yet, when you take the time to focus on him, he says he meets all your needs according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
He supplies all your needs: spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, and emotionally. Every need you have is at his feet.
But so many times you worry and think, 'How am I going to do it?'No, how is he going to do it through you? Flow with him.
I always say, 'You are the one driving my boat,'but then I catch myself trying to butt in and drive, and he goes, 'What are you doing?
Get in the back seat.'It just takes that little bit of a correction, and you start flying better again.
It's just following him, and the flesh tries to rear up all the time. That's why I crucify myself daily.
The apostle said, 'I die daily.'You have to, because the flesh tries to rear its head, say things you shouldn't say, and do things you shouldn't do.
You wonder where that came from—it's because you didn't sit at his feet today.
I hope this video blessed you today. I felt the Holy Spirit move on those healings and deliverances. You're set free. I saw people get set free.
I don't know who exactly you are, but I know that woman got healed and you're in this something with the ovaries and the uterus.
The Lord has healed you today. I believe with all my heart you're going to have babies; God's going to give you fruit.
It's going to be exciting! Tell us about it. I'm happy for you, but I'm believing for all kinds of manifestation and demonstration.
It isn't the 'Holy Ghost lottery'; I don't have to call out your healing for you to receive it under that anointing.
All you have to do is just receive, for you are good, you are, and you do miracles so great.
When praises go up, blessings come down. We stand for the people in Tampa during this hurricane and we stand for our nation.
I'll be back to pray again tomorrow. I hope this video blesses you.
If you're new here, thank you for joining our community. The channel is really taking off, all for the glory of God.
It's amazing to see what the Lord has done. I'm humbled that you would even be here. Thank you for your support for my family.
You've made a dream come true to be able to minister Jesus throughout the whole world.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you, and we will see you again hopefully tomorrow.
I'll be at the healing meeting in Collinsville. God is on the move, and I believe he's coming soon. God bless you all. Have a wonderful day. Bye-bye.